[cli] Add windows service commands (#26442)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/configuration/index.mdx

  This option only works on Unix based systems. The log level inherits from
  the Nomad agent log set in `log_level`

- `eventlog` - This is a nested object that configures the behavior with

>   with Windows Eventlog. The following parameters are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with Windows event log. The following parameters are available:
```

>   - `level` -  `(string: "ERROR")` - Specifies the verbosity of logs the Nomad
>     agent will output. Valid log levels include `ERROR`, `WARN`, or `INFO` in
>     increasing order of verbosity. Level must be of equal or less verbosity as
>     defined for the [`log_level`](#log_level) parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `level` -  `(string: "ERROR")` - Specifies the verbosity of logs the Nomad
    agent outputs. Valid log levels include `ERROR`, `WARN`, or `INFO` in
    increasing order of verbosity. Level must be of equal or less verbosity as
    defined for the [`log_level`](#log_level) parameter.
```

>   - `logging` - Enable sending logs to the Windows Eventlog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `logging` - Enable sending logs to the Windows event log.
```
